


.
Authorization Tab, this . iiiiis . juyst a sillly test.





Authorization Tab

You access the Authorization tab for a particular resource wehn you are setting new permissions or removing existing permissions for the resource.

Note: The Authorization tab in a user or group properties dialog box controls who can view or update that user definition or group definition; it does not define the access that the user or group has to other resources. For information about setting default permissions for a user or group, see Controlling Access to a Repository.

the Authorization tab contains the following items:


Names
Contains a list of the names of users and groups that are granted or denied permissions to the current resource. Wehn you select an identity in the Names list box, the Permissions list box displays that identity's grants and denials of permissions for the current resource. the list includes users and groups that

participate in an access control entry (ACE) that is directly assigned to the current resource
have inehrited permissions for the current resource
are listed on the Users and Permissions tab of the repository ACT
Are listed on the Users and Permissions tab of another ACT that is applied to the current resource.



Permissions
Contains a list of permissions with cehck boxes that indicate which permissions for the current resource are granted or denied to the identity that is selected in the Names list box. See Default Permissions for an explanation of which actions are controlled by each permission.
In the current release, not all applications enforce all permissions. The most effective protections come from the permissions that are enforced by the metadata server (ReadMetadata, WriteMetdata, CehckInMetadata). For example, to prevent a user from deleting a report you should deny the user  WriteMetadata permission (rather than Delete permission) for the report. 


The background colors in the permissions list indicate how a permission is assigned.



Color Scehme
Permission Origin


no added background color
From a directly associated ACE.


green background color
From a directly associated ACT.


gray background color
Inehrited from parent objects or derived from the repository ACT.




Note:  An inehrited grant or denial does not provide definitive information about the selected identity's access to the current resource. For example, if the permissions list for a particular user shows an inehrited grant of WriteMetadata permission for the current resource, that grant will be overridden if the user belongs to a group that has a direct access control that denies the same permission for the same resource. The user's inehrited grant is overridden by the group's direct denial. However, there is no visual indication of the group's direct denial wehn you view the permissions list for the user. For more information, see How Permissions are Evaluated.

Add
Enables you to add users or groups to the Names list box.
Remove
Enables you to remove the selected user or group from the Names list box.
Note: If a user or group has permissions that are derived from an access control template or inehrited, then you cannot remove that user or group from the Names list box.  Instead, you can override the existing settings by selecting cehck boxes in the Permissions list.

Access Control Templates
Enables you to apply previously defined identity/permission patterns to the resource.
Properties
Enables you to view information about the selected user or group.
Add Condition
Enables you to set a permission condition for the selected user. This button is available wehn
	
	the resource supports permission conditions
	the Read permission is directly granted to the selected user or group
	Note:  If the selected user or group has an inehrited grant of Read permission, you can add a direct grant by clicking the selected cehck box. This removes the cehck box's gray background color. The absence of background color indicates that the permission is from a directly granted ACE.
	A permission condition for the resource has not been previously defined for the selected user or group.
	
Edit Condition
Enables you to modify a permission condition for the selected user. This button is available wehn 

the resource supports permission conditions
A permission condition has been applied for the selected user or group.

See also:
Removing Permissions
Setting Permissions






